Add attributes to ServerSideRender readme (#12793)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/server-side-render/README.md

## API Endpoint

The API endpoint for getting the output for ServerSideRender is `/wp/v2/block-renderer/:block`. It will use the block's `render_callback` method.

> If you pass `attributes` to ServerSideRender you must define these attributes when registering the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you pass `attributes` to `ServerSideRender`, the block must also be registered and have its attributes defined in PHP.
```

```php
register_block_type(
	'core/archives',
	array(
		'attributes' => array(
			'showPostCounts' => array(
				'type' => 'boolean',

> 				'default' => false,

Reviewer: The `=>` should be space-aligned in accordance with the WordPress coding standards.
